.TH "SAFTE-MONITOR" "8" "13 February 2005" "" ""
.SH NAME
safte-monitor \- Linux SAF-TE SCSI enclosure monitor
.SH SYNOPSYS
.sp
\fBsafte-monitor [ -h ] [ -p ] [-n] [-a] [-T] [-t <max temp>] [-A <alert program>]\rR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
safte-monitor reads disk enclosure status information from SAF-TE capable
enclosures (SCSI Accessible Fault Tolerant Enclosures). SAF-TE is common
on many SCSI disk enclosures these days. safte-monitor can monitor
multiple SAF-TE devices and will automatically probe and detect them.
.PP
The information retreived includes power supply and fan status,
temperature, audible alarm, drive faults, array critical / failed /
rebuilding state and door lock status. safte-monitor logs changes in the
status of these enclosure elements to syslog and can optionally execute
an alert help program with details of the component failure. This could
send a pager message for example. Temperate alert limits also be set.
.PP
By default safte-monitor will run in the background and log to syslog.
.PP
It can be run in one-shot scan mode to print found SAF-TE device info using
the /fB-p/fR flag. It will also respond to web requests on port 8123 (default)
and display HTML output of enclosure status.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB-h\fR
show this help message
.TP
\fB-p\fR
Print device scan information then exit
.TP
\fB-T\fR
Log temperature changes
.TP
\fB-N\fR
Alert for non critical state changes
.TP
\fB-A <alert program>\fR
Program to run for alerts
.TP
\fB-t <max temp>\fR
Max temperature (default 35.0 celcius)
.TP
\fB-n\fR
Use numeric sg device names eg. /dev/sg0 (default)
.TP
\fB-a\fR
Use alphanumeric sg device names eg. /dev/sga
.SH "FILES"
.TP
\fB\fI/etc/safte-monitor.conf\fB\fR
Configuration file for safte-monitor.
.TP
\fB\fI/etc/safte-monitor.passwd\fB\fR
Password file for the web interface.
.TP
\fB\fI/etc/init.d/safte-monitor\fB\fR
Initialization script.
.TP
\fB\fI/usr/lib/safte-monitor/alert\fB\fR
Default alert script.
.SH "AUTHOR"
safte-monitor is written by Michael Clark <michael@metaparadigm.com>
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright Metaparadigm Pte. Ltd. 2005.
